Mr. Zhang's diamond ring has been hidden in the flower for you.
Restaurants and after-dinner entertainment
It has been arranged for you.
The time and place are sent to the mobile phone
Have a nice date.
I don't know who this president's wife is.
This is too happy
Beiting, do you know because you just registered?
I went abroad to work
Don't care about your new wife
It's been over a year.
My old woman is too embarrassed to see you
If you don't bring me back the girl who was executed
I'm really pissed off by you.
And so forth.
What did you say his name was?
Siqing, his name is Siqing
You can't even pass your wife's name
Are you pissing me off?
Hello station manager
My name is Siqing